docs - embedded analytics sdk (#48530)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/sdk/version.md

---
title: Embedded analytics SDK - versions
---

# Embedded analytics SDK - versions

{% include beta-blockquote.html %}

{% include plans-blockquote.html feature="Embedded analytics SDK" %}

The SDK version tracks with the Metabase version.

> So, for example, if you're on Metabase version `1.51.0`, you should use the SDK `1.51.0`.

Author: ```suggestion
So, for example, if you're on Metabase version `1.51.1`, you should use the SDK `1.51` or higher.
```

> So, for example, if you're on Metabase version `1.51.1`, you should use the SDK `1.51` or higher.

Author: ```suggestion
So, for example, if you're on Metabase version `1.51.1`, you should use the SDK `1.51`.
```
